I feel like if I'm going on a
boat
save me a lot of walking and I
saw a flourish pond over here I
was thinking maybe get a bunch
of eats together is bundled
together and make a boat
what I want big bundles these
you see inside really pity in
there in the middle like
styrofoam is very buoyant it's
time to get to work for our
bundles found together as sort
of basis for the boats
I'm saving this wrote from camp
for a very special occasion I
think this is it free awesome
these are dead weeds anyway so
if I clear in the patch and
helps encourage new drill is
actually good for the soil plus
they get a bullet out of it
looks great i got four bundles
next step is gonna buy them
together right now just hold it
together
he's not trying to get the valve
and turn up a little bit so I
can get . through water nicely
here in the wintertime is really
hard
there's not a lot drawing so my
hopes is that if i drop down in
elevation
i will start seeing some things
drove pretty good
not sure i'll stay was going to
be that part will be interesting
next up right now is to figure
out something to make suitable
paddle
definitely liked woodworking
it's fairly easy but meditative
at the same time keeps your mind
off being hungry
that's feeling pretty solid
guess we'll find out if this
floats or not
yeah
here we go
yes working